sys-kernel/bootengine: add cryptsetup in initramfs (#1760)
flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay: changelog/changes/2022-03-24-bootengine.md

> - Add `cryptsetup` to initramfs ([flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay#1760](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay/pull/1760))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `cryptsetup` to the initramfs for the Ignition `luks` directive ([flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay#1760](https://github.com/flatcar-linux/coreos-overlay/pull/1760))
```
